CDS-51349-HTTP Step supports API KEY in the auth header (#667)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/cd-technical-reference/cd-gen-ref-category/http-step.md

In **Value**, enter `<+secrets.getValue("aws-playground_AWS_secret_key")>`.

> You can copy the key and paste it in the HTTP step **Header** setting. See [Add and Manage API Keys](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/add-and-manage-api-keys/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can copy the key and paste it in the HTTP step **Header** setting. For more information, go to [Add and Manage API Keys](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/add-and-manage-api-keys/).
```
